feat: Azure Repos support (#278)
snyk/broker: README.md

ENV PORT                8000
```

### Azure Repos

To use the Broker client with [Azure](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/devops/), run `docker pull snyk/broker:azure-repos` tag. The following environment variables are mandatory to configure the Broker client:

- `BROKER_TOKEN` - the Snyk Broker token, obtained from your Azure Repos integration settings view (app.snyk.io).

> - `AZURE_REPOS_TOKEN` - an Azure Repos personal access token

Reviewer: Do we need to define what permissions are required here? We seem to for other SCMs

Author: Mentioned this in Dockerfile. Worth to add here as well

> - `AZURE_REPOS_ORG` - organization name, could be found in Organization Overview page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `AZURE_REPOS_ORG` - organization name, which can be found in your Organization Overview page in Azure
```

- `PORT` - the local port at which the Broker client accepts connections. Default is 7341.

> - `BROKER_CLIENT_URL` - the full URL of the Broker client as it will be accessible by Azure Repos webhooks, such as `http://my.broker.client:7341`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `BROKER_CLIENT_URL` - the full URL of the Broker client as it will be accessible by your Azure Repos' webhooks, such as `http://my.broker.client:7341`
```
